[Narrator] In the year 2020 C.E
the human world is
connected by a network.
That network is inhabited
by an unknown life form
called Digimon.
(upscale music)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] Out of nowhere,
a cyber terrorism
attack struck Tokyo.
But that calamity was
merely the beginning
for Tai Kamiya
and the mysterious
creatures he discovered
living within the Network,
creatures known as Digimon.
Tai teamed up with Agumon,
the Digimon he bonded with,
and with his newfound friends.
Together, they averted
a crisis caused
when an unknown Digimon
took over military systems
and sent a missile
rocketing toward Tokyo.
In doing so, they saved the
city and all of mankind.
Their brief digital
adventure came to an end
shortly afterward.
They returned to their lives
as if it had all
been just a dream
and embarked on a
peaceful summer vacation.
However, disaster
strikes yet again.
A massive power outage is
spreading throughout Tokyo.
But the cause
remains unidentified,
which means that no one can
figure out how to fix it.
Tai and his friends are the
only ones who can stop it.
Tai wishes with all his heart
and calls out Agumon's name.
Hoping that they can
fight together once again.
(upbeat music)
[Tai] It worked! I'm here!
And, wow! Look at all this!
Ooh! There's a couple of them!
And look at that big
guy! He's amazing!
And what are those
little flying heads?!
Or those serious
looking dinosaur-things?
Am I in the Digital World?
It's just so cool!
(chuckles)
I'm glad you're here,
Tai, welcome back!
Agumon, it's really
good to see you again!
But, uh...
Huh?
Hey, what's the matter?
The matter's Izzy! Or
actually, that it's not Izzy!
You see, back in my world
there's another disaster,
and he should've come along
with me to help stop it.
[Sora] Why am I stuck in
a bush?! Let go of me!
Huh?
(Sora grunting)
Sora?!
Tai! It's you!
Do you know what's going on?
Are we some place
overseas or am I dreaming?
Does your phone work?
Mine won't turn on!
What's wrong?
I don't get it.
Sora, why did you show
up here instead of Izzy?
Izzy?
That's a funny looking
dog you got there.
Kinda looks like a dinosaur.
No, I'm a Digimon!
(gasps)
Wait, you can talk?!
Let me introduce you to Agumon!
Nice to meet you, Agumon?
(beeping)
Huh?
What is this? Do you know?
(beeping)
"Children, come to the place
where the light leads you
and brings you out
of the darkness."
Whoa.
How was I able to read that?
(whirring)
I guess that what it's telling
us is to head that way.
What do we do now, Tai?
[Tai] Well, maybe that's
where all the answers are.
Maybe we can find out why
we came to this world;
why all those problems
are happening back home.
I don't really get
what's going on here.
But if there's no other choice,
then there's no other
choice! We gotta go, right?
That's true.
No need to waste time
thinking about the details!
All right!
We've been shown the path,
so let's just go and take it!
(dramatic music)
I had no idea there were
so many different Digimon!
Yeah, that guy's Stegomon.
(foliage rustling)
Man, he's so huge!
That's Brachiomon. He's
the strong and silent type.
Come on, you guys! Less
talking, more walking!
(rustling)
Huh?
(both yelp)
You really startled me!
Are you another Digimon?
Who's that?!
It's trouble!
(trilling)
That guy's called Snimon!
(whimpering)
(shrieks)
Why's he after us all
of a sudden, anyway?!
Snimon's angry!
He thinks that we just
stole lunch from him!
[Tai] Pretty sure he thinks
we'd make a good lunch!
(panting)
(shrieks)
(all screaming)
(both grunt)
Ready, Agumon?
Mm-hmm.
(shrieks)
Pepper Breath!
(upscale action music)
(whimpers)
Sora! Go on! Find
somewhere safe!
We'll deal with
this one ourselves!!
Come on, tough guy!
That all you got?
Okay, here he comes!
Take this!
(shouting)
(whimpers)
Pepper Breath!
Tai, this is our chance
to escape, come on!
Okay! You don't have
to ask me twice!
(Tai gasps)
(river gurgling)
[Sora] What do we do now, Tai?!
I guess we jump!
Sora, can you do this?
Yeah! You're coming, too, okay?
(whimpers)
(Snimon shrieks)
(both whimpering)
(gentle music)
(shrieks)
-Achoo!
Can't believe we
made it through that!
Hey, are you two doing okay?
Yeah!
We are now, thanks
to you Agumon!
You guys looked so cool
fighting against that
thing back there!
You make a great team.
(embarrassed chuckle)
Oh, I see now!
So this whole time,
what you and Izzy were
secretly talking about
was all this Digimon stuff.
'Course by stuff I mean
amazing incredibleness!
(sighs) It's unbelievable!
Who would've thought that
there was a world like this
inside the Net?
(Digivice beeps)
[Tai] Izzy!
Tai! I'm so glad to see you!
[Tai] Where are you right now?!
[Izzy] If I had to guess,
and I guess I have to guess,
I think I'm in the same
place you wound up last time.
And you?
[Tai] It's a place
that's apparently
called the Digital World.
There's tons of Digimon here,
and lots of rocks, plants,
and other nature stuff.
It feels way different
than our world.
Oh! And Sora's here, too!
Huh?! Sora?!
Uh, how's it going, Izzy!
Hi!
I can't believe
you're here, too!
Well, start believing!
You're surprised?
How do you think I feel?!
[Tentomon] Hello!
[All] Huh?
It's a pleasure to meet you.
I call myself Tentomon!
Actually, everyone
calls me that!
What's up, Tentomon?
So you're Tai?
As I like to say, a friend of
Izzy's is a friend of mine!
That's actually the
first time I've said it,
but I do like it!
[Izzy] Since I
met Tentomon here,
I've been able to learn
a lot from him already.
From what I've been
able to gather so far,
it seems that what we
call the Digital World
lies inside the deepest part
of the Network cyberscape.
But, Tai, back in our world,
the power outage in
Tokyo keeps spreading,
just as I expected.
In less than 72 hours,
there's going to be
a complete blackout.
Before the city grinds to a
halt and things turn dangerous,
we have to identify the
cause and remedy it.
Got it.
Right now, we're
heading to a place
where a secret clue sent us.
I have a suspicion that we
might be able to find out more
once we get there.
[Izzy] Understood.
I believe that
there's a reason why
all of us were
brought to this world.
Anyway, if I find anything new,
I'll notify you right away.
Kay! We're all
counting on you,
See ya.
Ta-ta for now!
That ray of light earlier
was pointing toward that
multi-colored mountain.
It looks to me like if we
just follow this river,
it'll take us right there.
But it's gonna take forever
if we try to walk there!
Oh! That's right!
Luckily, I was on my way
home from shopping earlier.
I needed a few
emergency supplies,
and ended up with enough
to outfit a small army.
Wow! These things
are just perfect!
Ha! Found it!
We'll make a raft and
go rafting! On the raft!
Ooh! Sounds fantastic!
Agumon, come give me a hand.
We gotta saw some wood!
[Agumon] I already
saw some! Over there!
[Tai] I see what you did there.
Oh, you're awake. Huh?
I'm glad.
Sora.
Huh?
Sora!
My name's Biyomon. I've
been waiting for you, Sora!
What? For me?
The raft's working great!
I mean, not to toot my
own horn or anything.
Yeah!
[Tai] Careful, Agumon!
Don't fall off!
[Agumon] I'll be fine.
-Sora.
-Huh?
I really owe you a big thank
you for saving me earlier.
It felt so nice and warm
to be cradled in your arms.
The next time there's
a fight, I'll help!
That sounds great!
Maybe you and I can fight
together. What do you say?
Yeah!
(gasps)
[Tai] Rapids ahead.
Hang on tight, guys!
(all grunting)
How's it going back there,
Sora? Everybody good?!
(both whimpering)
(yelps)
Okay, I think the worst is over!
(gasps)
(ominous music)
(both grunt)
(both chuckle)
(yelps)
(exclaims)
(both sigh)
Oh, good! It looks
like we're okay now.
(Both chuckle)
That was a close one!
Or close couple dozen!
(gasps)
It's not over yet, Tai!
(ominous music)
There's something coming!
(shrieks)
Coelamon!
(Tai yelps)
Come on! Why does everything
want to eat us today?!
Pepper Breath!
(shrieks)
(screams)
Agumon!
(beeps)
(upscale action music)
Agumon digivolve to...
Greymon!
(roars)
(grunts)
He Digivolved?
(determined roar)
Nice one, Greymon!
(grunts)
(determined roar)
Incredible!
Huh?
(wings buzzing)
[Biyomon] Snimon!
(shrieks)
(both whimper)
Sora!
Biyomon! No!
Uh-oh.
(Biyomon shrieks)
[Sora] Biyomon!
[Biyomon] Sora?
Just hold on! I'm
coming to you right now!
(grunts)
No, Sora, please
don't! It's dangerous!
No way! Don't you give up!
Don't you remember?
We said that we were
gonna fight together!
Well, I'm not about
to give up on that.
So that means you can't either!
Oh, Sora!
(wings buzzing)
(grunting)
Spiral Twister!
(shrieks)
Sora, no!
Biyomon! Help!
Biyomon digivolve to...
(upscale action music)
(both grunting)
Wait, that's...
(gasps)
Birdramon!
Whoa, Biyomon! You just
digivolved, too! Into Birdramon!
Sora, your warm heart gave
me the power I needed.
Now I'll fight
alongside you, too!
(shrieks)
Birdramon, go!
Hang on tight, Sora!
[Sora] You bet I will!
Meteor Wing!
(shrieks)
Nova Blast!
(triumphant roar)
Wait, what?
Agumon?!
I guess that once I calmed down,
I just changed right back.
Way to go, Birdramon,
you were awesome!
It's all thanks to you.
(laughs)
Birdramon's right!
You did great, Sora!
(gasps)
Hey, look!
Isn't that the place where that
beam of light was pointing?!
It looks like there's something
in front of the mountain.
(dramatic music)
Is that some kind of a temple?
[Birdramon] If we go now, I
can use my power of flight
to take everyone there.
Come on, let's hurry!
[Tai] Hey, what if you turn
into Biyomon in midair?
[Agumon] Well you won't
be in mid-air for long!
[Tai] Oh, good. Wait, what?!
(growling)
[Izzy] Tentomon.
[Tentomon] Yes, Izzy?
How long will it take us
to get to the Digital World
from where we are now?
Uh, with my speed,
it will be a minute.
(ominous music)
[Both] Huh?
(both scream)
[Tentomon] Make
that a few minutes.
♪ We're fallen rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Narrator] The
Digital World's secret
and the Digi-Destineds' mission.
Just when everything's
nearly revealed,
danger closes in on
Tai and his friends!
[Tai] Next time: "The
Celestial Digimon"
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world!